As the chief operating officer of the company, I am to oversee the smooth business operation of the day to day processes. I believe as the chief investment officer, I  would like to make a recommendation on our company's aim to invest in sustainable businesses that would support the United Nations's Sustainability goals.

A sustainability goal I think we can focus on is the ensuring of healthy life and the promotion of well-being of people of all ages. Covid-19 has had a major impact on the human population. It is one of the deadliest pandemic known to mankind and created a huge impact on the economy and how people live their everyday lives. As such i believe that investing in healthcare companies can help to mitigate the impact of another such pandemic in the future, if it were to come. Through investing in healthcare, we can better equip healthcare companies with the resources to create new vaccines and improve their medical technology to enable people to live healthier anf fuller lives. I recommend  investing in Novartis and I will justify why using three matrices i have shortlisted. 

Firstly, the price/book ratio of the company has increased from 2.97 to 3.44 from 2019 to 2020 and 3.44 to 3.91 in 2021. This shows that the the company's market valuation to the company's current asset value is increasing which means the market value of Novartis is becoming more overvalued. This is partially due to the increase in investments on healthcare companies after Covid-19 and might indicate that the company could be a little overvalued.

Secondly, Novartis' price/earnings increased by twofolds from 2019 to 2020 but reversed the increase in 2021 to 9.61 indicating a strong recovery of their price to earnings ratio. This means that the earnings per share compared to the price of the stock has increased which means that this company is becoming less overvalued and a better investment to invest in.

Finally as for the final matrix, Novartis did drop its quick ratio from 0.83 to 0.68 but bounced back to 1.29 which also indicates recovery from the drop in 2020. Quick ratio measures the ratio of assets to liabilities. A higher value indicates that it is a safer investment as its current assets can be liquidated in the short term to compensate investors and as for Novartis, their quick ratio is very high at 1.29. For reference, investors recommend investing in companies with a quick ratio above 1 and Novartis' quick ratio is well above the mark.
